Grandma, don't be mad
Exquisite body
Just blinded by that kid
Still you are sweet
If everyone in our Shangguan family were like you
I don't have to worry so much
Grandma
Serve wine
You can see that it's a good wine.
Yeah, yeah.
Today is grandma's birthday
Have fun, grandma
Give him a drink too
Mr. Ye, please
Can you smell the fragrance?
There is a faint fragrance
That's too cold.
The temperature is just right
Then why don't you drink it?
Can't take a sip
You need to know the origin of this wine
I'm afraid I won't be so stubborn
Oh, how did that happen?
Humph
This wine is a limited edition Sendai personal order
Master Brewing
120,000 bottle
Can you take this sip?
Is it your salary for a few months?
This glass of wine
It's a haute couture
This set is only available in the world.
Today, touch this plate
Take this sip of wine
It's a blessing you can't enjoy in this life
Since you don't eat
It means you don't have this life
You were born Wall-E
Not porcelain
If I were you
I don't want to continue this marriage now
Instead, use this unattainable marriage of yours
In exchange for some real compensation
Madam, you are wrong
This glass of wine is drunk by me
It's his pleasure